---
sourceUrl: "https://www.palantir.com/docs/foundry/hyperauto/v1-faq/"
canonicalUrl: "https://palantir.com/docs/foundry/hyperauto/v1-faq/"
sourceLastmod: "2026-05-12T17:06:26.147Z"
fetchedAt: "2026-05-12T23:57:50.244Z"
fetcher: "palantir-mini import-palantir-official-docs"
extractor: "next-data-markdown"
contentHash: "87bfe238829bc14e9369fb4dc4001297fd0f038fb9daf674e440a1a9ec05d7c6"
product: "foundry"
docsArea: "hyperauto"
locale: "en"
upstreamTitle: "Documentation | HyperAuto V1 [Sunset] > FAQ"
licenseNote: "Local evidence mirror of public Palantir documentation. Use for routing and citation; do not republish as a standalone corpus."
---
# HyperAuto V1 FAQ

:::callout{theme="warning" title="Sunset"}
HyperAuto V1 is in the [sunset](/docs/foundry/platform-overview/development-life-cycle/) phase of development and will be deprecated at a future date. Full support remains available. The creation of new V1 pipelines is discouraged, and users should migrate from HyperAuto V1 to V2 as detailed in the [migration documentation](/docs/foundry/hyperauto/v1-to-v2-differences/#migrating-existing-hyperauto-v1-pipelines-to-hyperauto-v2).
:::

## General usage tips & guidance

* [Can I debug and preview code in an SDDI repository?](#can-i-debug-and-preview-code-in-an-sddi-repository)
* [Can I configure a schedule to which new tables will be automatically added?](#can-i-configure-a-schedule-to-which-new-tables-will-be-automatically-added)
* [One of my tables / derived\_element is failing due to `MODULE_UNREACHABLE`, what should I do?](#one-of-my-tables--derived_element-is-failing-due-to-module_unreachable-what-should-i-do)
* [I added table `<TABLE_NAME>` to my pipeline, but when I try to build my pipeline it is failing with `AssertionError: 0 instances of <TABLE_NAME> found in 'objects' metadata table`](#i-added-table-table_name-to-my-pipeline-but-when-i-try-to-build-my-pipeline-it-is-failing-with-assertionerror-0-instances-of-table_name-found-in-objects-metadata-table)
* [Do I need to increase semantic version if I add new tables to Bellhop config files?](#do-i-need-to-increase-semantic-version-if-i-add-new-tables-to-bellhop-config-files)
* [Can I disable some of the intermediate stages generated by an SDDI repositiory?](#can-i-disable-some-of-the-intermediate-stages-generated-by-an-sddi-repositiory)

### Can I debug and preview code in an SDDI repository?

Yes, you can debug and preview code in an SDDI repository. In the SDDI repository, navigate to the file `/transforms-bellhop/src/software_defined_data_integrations/transforms/pipeline_builder.py` and select the transform you want to preview from the [Preview](/docs/foundry/code-repositories/preview-transforms/) button.

### Can I configure a schedule to which new tables will be automatically added?

An SDDI repository produces a dataset called `BUILD` that is connected to all final datasets produced by the repository. In order to guarantee that all newly-ingested tables get built, create a new Full Build schedule (including upstream datasets) with this `BUILD` dataset as a target. The smart scheduler will only initiate builds for the parts of the pipeline where the raw data had been refreshed.

### One of my tables / derived\_element is failing due to `MODULE_UNREACHABLE`, what should I do?

`MODULE_UNREACHABLE` is often a sign that DRIVER\_MEMORY in your Spark environment is insufficient. You can apply Spark profiles in your SourceConfig.yaml file for selected tables; see the [configuration reference](/docs/foundry/hyperauto/v1-configuration-reference/#tables) for details. Do not forget to [import the assigned profile](/docs/foundry/code-repositories/spark-profiles/#importing-spark-profiles) to your repository config first.

### I added table `<TABLE_NAME>` to my pipeline, but when I try to build my pipeline it is failing with `AssertionError: 0 instances of <TABLE_NAME> found in 'objects' metadata table`

Make sure you have rerun metadata datasets `objects`, `links`, `fields` and `diffs` after new tables are ingested and added to your SDDI pipeline.

### Do I need to increase semantic version if I add new tables to Bellhop config files?

No, you do not need to increase semantic version after adding new tables to Bellhop config files. However, you will need to rebuild metadata datasets `objects`, `links`, `fields`, and `diffs`.

### Can I disable some of the intermediate stages generated by an SDDI repositiory?

Yes. The foreign key generation, enrichment stage, and renaming stage can be disabled using [parameters in the PipelineConfig file](/docs/foundry/hyperauto/v1-configuration-reference/#parameters-description-1). Incrementing the [`deploymentSemanticVersion`](/docs/foundry/hyperauto/v1-configuration-reference/#deploymentsemanticversion) is required for changes to take effect.

:::callout{theme="warning"}
Disabling any or all of those steps will result in data schema consequences and may cause breaks in downstream usage of the data.
:::
