---
sourceUrl: "https://www.palantir.com/docs/foundry/api-reference/transforms-python-library/api-stringparam/"
canonicalUrl: "https://palantir.com/docs/foundry/api-reference/transforms-python-library/api-stringparam/"
sourceLastmod: "2026-05-12T17:06:26.167Z"
fetchedAt: "2026-05-12T23:57:50.244Z"
fetcher: "palantir-mini import-palantir-official-docs"
extractor: "next-data-markdown"
contentHash: "90f8d663ac82119566a2487b992ee2f872ee4871d883e87cbae19806b507df55"
product: "foundry"
docsArea: "api-reference"
locale: "en"
upstreamTitle: "Documentation | transforms.api > StringParam"
licenseNote: "Local evidence mirror of public Palantir documentation. Use for routing and citation; do not republish as a standalone corpus."
---
# transforms.api.StringParam

## *class* transforms.api.StringParam(default, \*, description=None, allowed\_values=None) {#transforms.api.StringParam}

Specification for the `ParameterSpec` definition used as an input to a transform.

* **Parameters:**
  * **default** ([*str* ↗](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#str)) – The default value for the parameter.
  * **allowed\_values** (*Optional* \*\[\**Set* *\[*[*str* ↗](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#str) *]* *]*) – Allowed values for the parameter, as a set of strings.
  * **description** ([*str* ↗](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#str) *,* *optional*) – The parameter description.

### input\_results(\_instance, \*\*\_kwargs) {#transforms.api.StringParam.input\_results}

Generates a map from input RIDs to `TransformsInputResult`. Results are merged into a `TransformJobResult`.

* **Parameters:**
  **instance** – An object of the type generated by `instance()`.

### *static* instance(context, json\_value) {#transforms.api.StringParam.instance}

Creates a parameter instance using the raw JSON value from JobSpec parameters and specific context.

The return value is injected in the transform compute function.

* **Parameters:**
  * **context** ([*ParamContext*](/docs/foundry/api-reference/transforms-python-library/api-paramcontext/#transforms.api.ParamContext)) – A context object with properties that might be required for creating an instance.
  * **json\_value** (*any*) – Any raw value deserialized from JobSpec parameters.

### *property* json\_value {#transforms.api.StringParam.json\_value}

Returns the JSON value for this parameter to put in JobSpec.

If the return value is `None`, the parameter is considered unbound. If any transform’s parameter is unbound, the transform is considered to be unbound. For unbound transforms, the JobSpec is not published.

### *static* lightweight\_instance(context, json\_value) {#transforms.api.StringParam.lightweight\_instance}

Instantiate an input type from the resolved JSON value.

### *property* schema {#transforms.api.StringParam.schema}

Returns JSON schema for parameters of this type. Must return a valid JSON schema.
