---
sourceUrl: "https://www.palantir.com/docs/foundry/sap/sap-object-types/"
canonicalUrl: "https://palantir.com/docs/foundry/sap/sap-object-types/"
sourceLastmod: "2026-05-12T17:06:26.148Z"
fetchedAt: "2026-05-12T23:57:50.244Z"
fetcher: "palantir-mini import-palantir-official-docs"
extractor: "next-data-markdown"
contentHash: "21794c33f381651d3423843b613bbf16cac663cca36f67c5b54721d82ca3175a"
product: "foundry"
docsArea: "sap"
locale: "en"
upstreamTitle: "Documentation | Foundry SAP setup > Supported sync types"
licenseNote: "Local evidence mirror of public Palantir documentation. Use for routing and citation; do not republish as a standalone corpus."
---
# SAP object types

The Palantir Foundry Connector 2.0 for SAP Applications ("Connector") supports the ingestion of various SAP object types within Foundry:

* [ERP table](#erp-table)
* [BW InfoProvider](#bw-infoprovider)
* [BW BEx Query](#bw-bex-query)
* [SLT](#slt)
* [BW content extractor](#bw-content-extractor)
* [Function](#function)
* [ERP table data model](#erp-table-data-model)
* [Remote objects](#remote-objects)

## ERP table

The `table` object type is used to extract data from database tables and views in an SAP Application Server. All tables and views in the SAP ABAP data dictionary are supported. It is also possible to extract from custom Z\* tables.

Example sync configuration:

```yaml
type: magritte-sap-source-adapter
sapType: table
obj: MARA
```

## BW InfoProvider

The `infoprovider` object type is used to extract data from an SAP BW system. InfoProvider is the general description of the following objects:

* InfoCube (Cube)
* DataStore Object (DSO)
* Advanced DataStore Object (–DSO)
* MultiProvider (MultiCube)

The InfoProvider object uses standard SAP BW access methods; all authorization concepts from SAP BW are inherited.

Example sync configuration:

```yaml
type: magritte-sap-source-adapter
sapType: infoprovider
obj: Z3_C01
```

## BW BEx query

The `bex` object type is used to extract data from BEx queries.

See [how to configure BEx queries](/docs/foundry/sap/configure-bex-query/) for more details.

Example sync configuration:

```yaml
type: magritte-sap-source-adapter
sapType: bex
obj: ZCM_COMM_PRI
```

## SLT

The `slt` object type is used to extract data from an SLT ODP Queue. SLT is a trigger-based replication tool from SAP Applications to target systems. The SLT ODP Queue is a target system in this object. The CDC (change data capture) mechanism is built into SLT. The Connector only adds timestamp information to the records coming from SLT.

Example sync configuration:

```yaml
type: magritte-sap-source-adapter
sapType: slt
obj: MARA
context: SLT~P40
incrementalField: pointer
```

## BW content extractor

The `extractor` object type is used to extract data from SAP ERP Business Content extractors. Business Content extractors are ready-to-use structures designed to extract data from SAP applications. All business logic is included in the extractor, along with a CDC (change data capture) mechanism. If the extractor supports delta extraction, the `APPEND` transaction type should be used to ingest data incrementally.

See [how to configure extractors](/docs/foundry/sap/configure-extractors/) for more details.

Example sync configuration:

```yaml
type: magritte-sap-source-adapter
sapType: extractor
obj: 0GL_ACCOUNT_ATTR
```

## Function

The `function` object type is used to extract data from SAP Applications with remote-enabled functions and BAPIs (Business APIs). SAP functions are a set of instructions for certain tasks in SAP, such as currency conversion, master data listing, and more.

See [how to configure function extraction](/docs/foundry/sap/configure-functions/) for more details.

Example sync configuration:

```yaml
type: magritte-sap-source-adapter
sapType: function
obj: BAPI_USER_GETLIST
paramName: USERLIST
```

## ERP table data model

The `data model` object type is used to extract the relationships between ERP tables. These table relations are based on a standard primary key / foreign key model. A depth parameter can be set to indicate how many levels of relationships to follow when extracting the data model for a given table.

Example sync configuration:

```yaml
type: magritte-sap-source-adapter
sapType: datamodel
obj: T006
```

## Transaction codes

The `tcode` object type is used to extract data generated by SAP reports.

:::callout{theme="neutral"}
Only reports using ABAP List Viewer (ALV) are supported.
:::

:::callout{theme="neutral"}
`tcode` syncs can only be created from the Advanced tab of the sync configuration UI.
:::

See [how to configure transaction code extraction](/docs/foundry/sap/configure-tcode-extraction/) for more details.

If you know the transaction coed name, provide it as a value to the `obj` parameter.
Example sync configuration:

```yaml
type: magritte-sap-source-adapter
sapType: tcode
obj: ZTEST_ALV
```

If you only know the program name of the report, you can provide the program name as the `obj` parameter and set the `programType` parameter to `program`.
Example sync configuration:

```yaml
type: magritte-sap-source-adapter
sapType: tcode
obj: RSUSR200
programType: program
```

## HANA Views

The `hanaview` object type is used to extract data from HANA Views enabled in the application layer.

See [how to configure HANA views extraction](/docs/foundry/sap/ingest-hana-views/) for more details and pre-requisites.

:::callout{theme="neutral"}
`hanaview` syncs can only be created from the Advanced tab of the sync configuration UI.
:::

```yaml
type: magritte-sap-source-adapter
sapType: hanaview
obj: ZEXT_SBOOK
```

## CDS Views

The CDS view object type is used to extract data from ABAP CDS (Core Data Services) Views. ABAP CDS makes it possible to define semantic data models on the central database of the application server. The entities of these models provide enhanced access functions when compared to existing database tables and views defined in the ABAP Dictionary, making it possible to optimize Open SQL-based applications.

:::callout{theme="neutral"}
Extracting data from parametrized CDS views, such as C\_TRIALBALANCEQ0001, is not currently supported.
:::

## Remote objects

When connected via a [remote connection](/docs/foundry/sap/architecture/#connecting-to-a-remote-sap-erp-system-via-a-gateway), objects can be accessed in the same way as their "non-remote" equivalent with the same functionality. The only changes to make are:

* pre-prend `remote` to the object type
* provide a `context` parameter to identify the remote system

Example sync config for a [remote table](#erp-table):

```yaml
type: magritte-sap-source-adapter
sapType: remotetable
obj: MARA
context: T50
```

Example sync config for a [remote BEx query](#bw-bex-query):

```yaml
type: magritte-sap-source-adapter
sapType: remotebex
obj: PAL16Q
context: T50
```
